docs: add note about path prefix matching behavior for HTTPRoute config (#17860)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/gateways/api-gateway/configuration/http-route.mdx

Specifies type of match for the path: `"exact"`, `"prefix"`, or `"regex"`.

> -> **Note:** Prefix matching uses simple string matching when comparing to the path. This differs slightly from the
> [Kubernetes Gateway API specification](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io%2fv1beta1.PathMatchType)
> which declares that path prefix matching is done on a path element by element basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to `prefix`, Consul uses simple string matching to identify incoming request prefixes. For example, if the route is configured to match incoming requests to services prefixed with `/dev`, then the gateway would match requests to `/dev-` and `/deviate` and route to the upstream.  

This deviates from the
[Kubernetes Gateway API specification](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io%2fv1beta1.PathMatchType), which matches on full path elements. In the previous example, _only_ requests to `/dev` or `/dev/` would match. 
```
Is this the correct interpretation? In terms of formatting, I think this is regular information about how it works as opposed to calling it out in as a note.

> -> **Note:** Prefix matching uses simple string matching when comparing to the path. This differs slightly from the
> [Kubernetes Gateway API specification](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io%2fv1beta1.PathMatchType)
> which declares that path prefix matching is done on a path element by element basis.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** Prefix matching uses simple string matching when comparing to the path. This differs slightly from the
[Kubernetes Gateway API specification](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io%2fv1beta1.PathMatchType)
which declares that path prefix matching is done on a path element by element basis. As
an example, configuring Consul with the prefix match string `/abc`, will result in the URL 
paths `/abc`, `/abc/`, `/abc/def`, and also `/abcd` being matched.

```
I think a lot of people will understand this faster by including an example.

Author: @Jeff-Apple does the change that Adam cover your concerns? It seems you both were wanting to add an example 💯

Reviewer 2: Yes. And not surprisingly, he said it much better than I did.
